README.markdown, before:

README
======

ucam_ps3.pde displays the videostream from a modded ps3eye microscope via USB, accepts mouse clicks and drags as user input, and controls a 2-axis servo-powered microscope slide stage via an arduino w/ firmata firmware

requirements
------------

- processing ide: <http://processing.org/download/>

- video, serial, and arduino libraries for processing (included by default): <http://processing.org/reference/libraries/>.

- arduino ide: <http://arduino.cc/en/Main/Software>

- ucam hardware platform: <http://diybio.org/ucam>

- modded ps3eye: <http://www.dusseiller.ch/labs/?p=912> (I used a small spot of superglue to lightly secure the inverted lens to the lens mount).

setup
-----

1. upload ServoFirmata_9_11.pde to your arduino and connect the servo control wires to the +5v, ground, and digital pins 9 and 11. You will want a breadboard to breakout the power bus to the servos.

  On TPro SG90 or HTX900 microservos, the wiring colors correspond to: 
  - yellow: control
  - red: 5 volts
  - brown: ground

2. run ucam_ps3.pde in processing and click around.



last updated: 20 Jul 2010

Commit message:

photos, demo video url, link to ucam-alibre-cad

README.markdown, after:

README
======

A low-cost 2-axis motion stage designed to be entirely laser-cuttable (just add servos) & a processing sketch for controlling servos.

**[demo video](https://vimeo.com/11139943)**

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/100ideas/ucam/master/Design_Files/ucam_v0_5_1-alibre-cad-render.png)

ucam_ps3.pde displays the videostream from a modded ps3eye microscope via USB, accepts mouse clicks and drags as user input, and controls a 2-axis servo-powered microscope slide stage via an arduino w/ firmata firmware

**Note:** The assembly pictures above was originally modeled in Alibre back in 2010. I hope to convert these to a more usable format (shouldn't be too hard to reconstruct using the design files in this repo). The original alibre `AD_PRT` and `AD_ASM` files are available in a separate repo: [100ideas/ucam-alibre-cad](https://github.com/100ideas/ucam-alibre-cad).

requirements
------------

- processing ide: <http://processing.org/download/>

- video, serial, and arduino libraries for processing (included by default): <http://processing.org/reference/libraries/>.

- arduino ide: <http://arduino.cc/en/Main/Software>

- ucam hardware platform: <http://diybio.org/ucam>

- modded ps3eye: <http://www.dusseiller.ch/labs/?p=912> (I used a small spot of superglue to lightly secure the inverted lens to the lens mount).

setup
-----

1. get acrylic, nuts & bolts, rubber band, webcam, servos, arduino.

2. cut stage from acrylic sheet using [design files](https://github.com/100ideas/ucam/tree/master/Design_Files).

4. assemble. optionally glue cams to servo horns. attach rubber bands to provide tension ([see video](https://vimeo.com/11139943)).

3. upload ServoFirmata_9_11.pde to your arduino and connect the servo control wires to the +5v, ground, and digital pins 9 and 11. You will want a breadboard to breakout the power bus to the servos.

  On TPro SG90 or HTX900 microservos, the wiring colors correspond to: 
  - yellow: control
  - red: 5 volts
  - brown: ground

3. run ucam_ps3.pde in processing and click around.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/100ideas/ucam/master/Design_Files/ucam_v0_5_1-lasercut.jpg)
